Add config to change the delay before sending a notification email (#16696)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/usage/configuration/config_documentation.md

   has missed. Disabled by default.
* `notif_for_new_users`: Set to false to disable automatic subscription to email
   notifications for new users. Enabled by default.

> * `delay_before_mail`: Time we always wait before ever emailing about a notification
>    (to give the user a chance to respond to other push or notice the window). Defaults to 10 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `delay_before_mail`: The time to wait before emailing about a notification.
  This gives the user a chance to view the message via push or an open client.
  Defaults to 10 minutes.

   *New in Synapse 1.98.0._
```

Should this be `notif_delay_before_mail`? Some of other settings aren't related to notifications.
